So although we've taken a fairly high
overview look of artificial intelligence,
machine learning and so on,
in the financial technology space,
it should be fairly clear
that it has a role to play.
In fact, perhaps even a definitional role.
Today, and no doubt, in the future.
However, we also have to recognize that
some of its utility is sort of mundane.
The scope of which is perhaps,
some might say old school,
despite the appeal of thinking
about the overarching,
self-aware intelligence made famous
in a number of movies over the years.
The actual business case for artificial
intelligence is perhaps, more regular.
For example, as opposed to traditional
customer service representatives,
chatbots don't call in sick.
They don't have human biases, necessarily.
It might work 24/7 without complaint,
and perhaps,
don't care about the marginal cost paid
to them, which might be close to zero.
While it may be possible to look at
the landscape today and sit back and
make prognostications about the future,
in part because the cost is so low.
It's actually challenging to develop
a legitimate forecast with conviction
about where it all might go.
Certainly, the possibilities seem endless,
but it does take a lot to get there.
AI has been hyped,
especially by technology consultancies and
by academics, and by FinTech backers and
notably, expectedly, some will fail.
We expect that with any kind
of technological revolution.
Some AI technology will,
however, be successful,
they may reduce barriers to entry.
They may increase the benefits of costs,
reduction and advancement of scale.
And to those who are first movers,
it may give them an advantage
that may prove to be
insurmountable to others.
The possibility that artificial
intelligence may need to be reined in,
either voluntarily or
again, via oversight,
perhaps put in place by regulators.
So at the end of the day,
it's an exciting arena.
It's a core area.
It's an area of rapid advancement and
a lot of excitement.
And it's improving the state
of the industry everywhere.
It may hold a lot of promise for
the future, but
that will also be an empirical question.